I think when we die
everything we've learned and all the
good we've done and all our mistakes but
basically our learning
goes with us when we die
and at the same time it's retained
within the collective psyche of our
species
so all of our experiences
are preserved by the individual
Consciousness that continues their
learning once they leave time and space
but because they are a member of this
species and because this species has a
mind which is integrating all of the
conscious experiences of all of its
members that means all of my experiences
and everything I've written about and
everything we're talking about here
they're not lost to humanity when I die
but they are literally hardwired into
the collective psyche the collective
unconscious right now that means that uh
I think we have to think Quantum a kind
of in a Quantum fashion rather than an
atomistic fashion when we think about
what happens to these fields as the
physical body comes and goes physical
bodies come and go
Souls endure
species have a soul there is a species
Souls there's an akashic field Laszlo
talks about you could even describe it
as an akashic soul of the universe
there's this tremendous kind of network
of Consciousness which is constantly
integrating the experiences of all of
its members
yeah so I I can I can imagine any number
of variations of what happens to these
fields after we are no longer on the
scene